SPCIES -- Help page for topic 'options'

The SPCIES toolbox has two categories of options: 'solver_options' and 'options'

'solver_options' are options that are particular to each optimization method.
Please refer to the documentation of each method using spcies('help', 'method_name')
for its list of 'solver_options'.
Execute spcies('help', 'method') for the list of available methods.

'options' are the general options of the toolbox. The options are:
    'method': String. Determines the optimization method used by the solver.
              Use spcies('help', 'method') for the list of supported methods.
              Each MPC formulation may only supports a subset of the methods.
    'subclass': String. Determines the subclass of optimization method used by
                the solver. Some MPC formulations may have more than one solver
                that uses the same optimization method. If 'subclass'=='', the
                default 'subclass' is used.
    'type': String. Determines the MPC formulation to be constructed.
            Use spcies('help', 'MPC') for the list of available MPC formulations.
    'platform': String, either 'C' or 'Matlab'. Determines if the solver is generated
                in plain C or if it is also generated and compiled for Matlab MEX.
    'save_name': String. Determines the name of the generated files.
    'directory': String. Path where the generated solver files are saved.
                 If unspecified, the toolbox saved all files its subdirectory
                 '\generated_solvers', whose location can be found by executing
                 spcies_get_root_directory();
    'override': Boolean. Determines if files can be overwritten. Defaults to true.
    'const_are_static': Boolean. Determines if constant variables are declared as 
                        static in the C code.
    'precision': String, either 'double' or 'float'. Determines if real numbers are
                 declared as type 'double' or type 'float'. Defaults to 'double'.
    'time': Boolean. Determines if the solvers measure and return computation times.
            Execute spcies('help', 'timing') for more computation time information.

SPCIES receives these options by using a structure whose fields are named as the
above options list.
A structure with the default options can be obtained using:
options = spcies_default_options();

